Add `nth`, `first` and `last` docs pages (#1964)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/javascript-api/k6-browser/locator/nth.md

---
title: 'nth(number)'
description: 'Browser module: locator.nth method'
---

# nth(number)

> Returns [Locator](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-browser/locator/) to the n-th matching element. It's zero based, `nth(0)` selects the first element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a [Locator](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-browser/locator/) to the n-th matching element. The method is zero-based; for example, `nth(0)` selects the first element.
```
